Can't you see I'm chatting with Miss Wu?
Any cat or dog will let me go
What do you want?
I don't want money either
It's just that he has to be noisy and can't drive you away
Xiaomin is you
Uh miss wu, you know him
It's the guy I told you about
Yang Min
What are you doing here without the support of your official family?
Could it be that he wants to deceive in the name of the official family?
You and I have nothing to do with each other
What do you care what I do?
Ah, you're here to sell something.
Your family is so poor
What antiques are there?
I'm afraid I didn't take something casually.
You want to lie in the name of an official again?
You are the master of treasure appraisal
That's right, this old man is the treasure appraisal expert of this store
Are you here to sell something?
Come get it and I'll show you
Isn't this your sewing box?
This shit could be an antique
Is he an antique?
It counts.
If this shit is worth more than 10 bucks, I
Hmph, I'll eat this glass
Good idea.
Then I'd like to see how you eat it
If it's not worth 10 bucks
How about you just eat this glass?
We'll see won't we.